Lot is a man of incalculable age, though he looks in his thirties, due to the work he has done. He will tell you he has spent more time aboard a ship, among the stars, doing omninet work than anything else. See Lot used to work for the Union Omninetwork Bureau, UOB, deploying relay units to help the omni network spread. Alongside that work he would send probes down towards planets, in remote sectors, to get readings on atmospheric levels; data that always could be sold off.

In times of boredom Lot can wrangle up a story about setting up a relay, or some weird reading he got from a sensor probe. In this way it becomes easy to tell up until recently his life experiences had been very limited. Finding more freedom amongst the dirt, rocks, and grass then he ever had up above the clouds. This isn’t to say the man isn’t without his tales, he has been to places and seen things beyond belief, if you choose to believe him. 

He never specified why he left the UOB, it could be assumed that what little work he has done with yall he’s enjoyed enough not to go back. Though he isn’t a new edition to the Round Table,  your not sure how long he has been apart of it. Oddly though he often treats the Comp/Com you report to be more like NPH, and better than some people.

Lot, is slightly above average height, blonde medium length hair pulled back with a dirty blond beard. He tends to stick with his flight suit as apparel, though he has taken a liking to a specific type of hat; cowboy? The flight suit he wears has his call sign across his chest and the round table logo on either arm and on the back, and probably somewhere on the front side too; though he may have lost that patch